Add setup details for rbe_autoconfig and .bazelrc (#1)
EngFlow/free: README.md

## Configuration

### Data and log storage

EngFlow stores its caches and logs in the location pointed to by the `$DATA_DIR`
environmental variable. Mount this location onto the host to preserve data
across container invocations and view the service logs. If remote execution is
used, `$DATA_DIR` must have the same path on the host and in the
container. Additionally, the Docker Unix socket must be mounted into the
container to allow EngFlow to execute actions in Docker containers.

### Setting up .bazelrc and using a custom Docker image

If you wish to use a custom image for a specific workspace add the following to
the **WORKSPACE** file:
```

> git_repository(

Reviewer: Consider including the `load` to get `git_repository` to make the copy/pasta easier

Author: Done.

    registry = "marketplace.gcr.io",
    repository = "google/rbe-ubuntu16-04",
)
```
Note that this example using the google/rbe-ubuntu16-04 image from GCR
Marketplace. You may use whatever image you'd like by changing the
rbe_autoconfig accordingly.

This will create a custom `@engflow_remote_config` workspace which can be
referenced via Bazel command line flags. It is reccomended that you add the
configuration to your **.bazelrc** like so:

```
build:re --action_env=BAZEL_DO_NOT_DETECT_CPP_TOOLCHAIN=1
build:re --crosstool_top=@engflow_remote_config//cc:toolchain
build:re --extra_execution_platforms=@engflow_remote_config//config:platform
build:re --extra_toolchains=@engflow_remote_config//config:cc-toolchain
build:re --host_java_toolchain=@bazel_tools//tools/jdk:toolchain_java11
build:re --host_javabase=@engflow_remote_config//java:jdk
build:re --host_platform=@engflow_remote_config//config:platform
build:re --java_toolchain=@bazel_tools//tools/jdk:toolchain_java11
build:re --javabase=@engflow_remote_config//java:jdk
build:re --platforms=@engflow_remote_config//config:platform
```

Then you can add the remote execution options to your **.bazelrc**:
```
build:engflow --config=re

> build:engflow --remote_executor=grpc://localhost:8080

Reviewer: I think the docker image also prints this out. You should consider updating the docker image to print out the `--remote_executor` flag

Author: Done.

## Configuration

### Data and log storage

EngFlow stores its caches and logs in the location pointed to by the `$DATA_DIR`
environmental variable. Mount this location onto the host to preserve data
across container invocations and view the service logs. If remote execution is
used, `$DATA_DIR` must have the same path on the host and in the
container. Additionally, the Docker Unix socket must be mounted into the
container to allow EngFlow to execute actions in Docker containers.

> ### Setting up .bazelrc and using a custom Docker image

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't it be better to recommend the "new rbe autoconfig" which is a script that you run once and then check-in the output? (which is our trick how to avoid the extra minute in the loading phase)

Author: Yes, however I don't know if I'm comfortable checking in that script given it uses undocumented behavior.

Reviewer 3: Is this different from `rbe_config_gen` https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel-toolchains#rbe_configs_gen---cli-tool-to-generate-configs? I think that's what we should be reccomending. Upstream has even deleted `rbe_autoconfig`.

Author: Ah, I wasn't aware of this. Yes, we should recommend this tool instead. I'll rework these instructions when I get the chance.

If you wish to use a custom image for a specific workspace add the following to
the **WORKSPACE** file:
```
load("@bazel_tools//tools/build_defs/repo:git.bzl", "git_repository")
git_repository(
    name = "bazel_toolchains",
    commit = "df2a96686c9751096f494d10c503426944942339",
    remote = "https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel-toolchains.git",
)

load("@bazel_toolchains//rules:rbe_repo.bzl", "rbe_autoconfig")
rbe_autoconfig(
    name = "engflow_remote_config",
    detect_java_home = False,
    digest = "sha256:5464e3e83dc656fc6e4eae6a01f5c2645f1f7e95854b3802b85e86484132d90e",
    java_home = "/usr/lib/jvm/java-11-openjdk-amd64",
    registry = "marketplace.gcr.io",
    repository = "google/rbe-ubuntu16-04",
)
```
Note that this example using the google/rbe-ubuntu16-04 image from GCR

> Marketplace. You may use whatever image you'd like by changing the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Marketplace. You may use any image by changing the
```

> rbe_autoconfig accordingly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`rbe_autoconfig` rule accordingly.
```

build:re --extra_execution_platforms=@engflow_remote_config//config:platform
build:re --extra_toolchains=@engflow_remote_config//config:cc-toolchain
build:re --host_java_toolchain=@bazel_tools//tools/jdk:toolchain_java11
build:re --host_javabase=@engflow_remote_config//java:jdk
build:re --host_platform=@engflow_remote_config//config:platform
build:re --java_toolchain=@bazel_tools//tools/jdk:toolchain_java11
build:re --javabase=@engflow_remote_config//java:jdk
build:re --platforms=@engflow_remote_config//config:platform
```

Then you can add the remote execution options to your **.bazelrc**:
```
build:engflow --config=re
build:engflow --remote_executor=grpc://localhost:8080
build:engflow --bes_backend=grpc://localhost:8080/
build:engflow --bes_results_url=http://localhost:8080/invocation/
```

Now you can execute against your locally running EngFlow instance by simply
adding `--config=engflow` to your build and test commands like so:
```
bazel test //... --config=engflow
```

**Warning:** The rbe_autoconfig workspace rule will add about a minute to new
builds run after `bazel clean`. Contact us for details about how to avoid this

> extra delay!

Reviewer 3: Wait, what's the secret?

Author: The way we set this up is using an internal script that takes advantage of undocumented behavior of rbe_autoconfig. As I mentioned on @Yannic's comment, this script would be beneficial to check in but I don't know if I'm comfortable with it.
